I get a little exampled project set up here and you can find it attached to this video.
Now the code responsible for what you saw here on the screen is basically this app component template
where I output a list of servers and the servers are stored here in my app component type and file.
I got the service array which simply holds a couple of Java object each representing a server and then
at the bottom here I got a helper class which simply retrieves the right C SS classes which should be
attached to dead list group item depending on the state of the server.
If it's stable or of line.
So this is the project we're starting with.
It looks all right but it get a couple of things we could fix here.
Now for example we get a server name which looks all right to me but then we get this instance type
here medium large small and we get the state.
Now you could for example put this instance type to be all uppercase and the date.
I'd like to change something about the state too.
But let's start with the instance type medium large small here to see how to use pipes and you will
see it's actually pretty simple to change it.
We have to go to the template to the HMO file because remember our pipe is only responsible for transforming
the output.
So the right place to use it logically is the template.
Now here I want to change this server instance type thing here.
I'll just bring it into a new line here.
And the same for server started just to make it a bit easier to read.
And now I would like does server instance type to be uppercase.
Now that's easy to achieve.
We just add the pipe symbol hence the name pipes and then the name of the pipe.
And as mentioned before there are a couple of built in pipes and you can also build pipes on your own.
We will have a look at this in one of the next lectures.
Now a good built in pipe for making this or briquets of course is the apprecate pipe you saw in the
slide before with that added you.
Now see if you save this and go back to your web page that all the instance types here have been called
Word to be uppercase.
So without changing anything else without that that's important changing the property itself your status
as excuse me the instance types are still lowercase without changing anything here.
We changed the way users can view it simply by adding a pipe here.
That looks pretty good to me.
Now let's move on to the date and for this we get a number pi we could use.
So if we have a look at the HMO code here the server started output here is responsible for rendering
the date.
Well if we add the pipes symbol here to we could add the date pipe and now a built in type and it will
come back to where you find those built in pipes in a second.
Now with this added Let's save this and now you see out of the box.
This looks much nicer but it might not be the way you want it to look.
So let's learn more about how to configure pipes in the next video.